Test #1 - Automation Test
describe('Add Product to Cart on Harvey Norman', () => {
  it('should add a Google Nest Cam to the shopping cart', () => {
    cy.visit('https://www.harveynorman.com.au/google-nest-cam-outdoor-or-indoor-battery-1-pack.html');
    cy.get('.product-info-stock .stock').should('contain', 'In Stock');
    cy.get('ADD TO CART').click();
    cy.visit('https://www.harveynorman.com.au/checkout/cart');
    cy.get('.cart-item').should('contain', 'Google Nest Cam Outdoor & Indoor Battery 1-Pack');
  });
});



Test #2 - Manual Test

Test Cases for Login Functionality:
1.	Verify Correct Login: Ensure that the users login with correct credentials.
2.	Invalid Credentials: Verify that the system effectively blocks access by testing the login functionality using incorrect credentials.
3.	Forgot Password: Test the "Forgot Your Password" feature for resetting passwords.
4.	Invalid Email: Verify that the user enters correct email address while restting the password.
5.	Required Fields: Ensure that the user enters both email address and password while logging in.
6.	Logout Functionality: Make sure that users can log out and are sent to the correct page.


Test Cases for Navigation and Product Selection:
1.	Product Search: See if different product queries get valid results by testing the search functionality.
2.	Product Filters: Test product filters (by product type, price, brand, current offers, etc.) and sort functions.
3.	Product Details Page: Make sure the product details page includes all relevant information (pricing, specifications, returns, reviews, product care, etc.).
4.	Compare: Make sure that the product can be added to compare list.
5.	Wishlist: Make sure that the user can add the required product in the account’s wishlist and also, if the user is not logged in, the system tells the user to login.
6.	Add to Cart: From the product details page, try adding products to the shopping cart.
7.	Find in store: Check if the Norman product can be found in the store. This can be tested by entering suburb name or postcode.
8.	Cart Update: The ability to change the quantity or remove products from the cart should be checked.


Test Cases for Checkout and Payment Process:
1.	Checkout Process Initiation: Ensure the continue button in the cart leads to the checkout process for logged-in users.
2.	Select pick-up or delivery: Make sure the user can select the option for pick-up or delivery.
3.	Calculate delivery fee: Make sure that the user enters delivery location to calculate the fee.
4.	Billing Information: Validate and test the billing information entry process.
5.	Shipping Address: Make sure that customers may input and choose a shipping address, and that the format is accurate.
6.	Payment Method Selection: Ensure users can select the payment method to move forward.
7.	Payment Authorization: Simulate scenarios for both successful and declined payments.
8.	Order Confirmation Page: After payment, make sure you get an order confirmation page with all the details.
9.	Email for Order Confirmation: Verify that an order confirmation email is sent by the system.
10.	Empty Cart: Ensure the system prompts user to continue shopping if the cart is empty.


Usability Test Cases:
1.	Mobile Responsiveness: When testing on mobile devices, make sure the checkout and login procedures are easy to use.
2.	Error Messaging: During the login and checkout procedures, make sure that the error messages are clear and useful.


Test #3 - Sql Test

SELECT mg.customer_first_name, mg.customer_last_name, mg.customer_email
FROM magento_offer mg
JOIN magento_rule mr ON mg.rule_id = mr.rule_id
WHERE mg.offer_type = 'Staff' AND mr.created_in >= UNIX_TIMESTAMP(CURRENT_DATE - INTERVAL 7 DAY)
ORDER BY mg.offer_id ASC LIMIT 10;

